At the hardware level, the docker container is a self isolating process which shares the kernel of the host operating system and
can have self operating system as well. However, a virtual machine is a platform that virtualizes the complete hardware and 
software infrastrcture to replace a complete actual / physical computer system. The container is a term used for refering to a 
package that contains all the code and dependencies to run an application and does not need more resources interms of storage.
Another difference is that using container makes deployment easy because the same image and dependencies tested by the developers
can be integrated in production with the installation of additional libaries.
A same container running on the developers' machine can run in the production environment which means there is no issue of 
"deos not works on my machine" issue.
On the other hand, the virutal machines are considered more secure compared to the containers because they do not share the kernel,
memory and other resources with the other virtual machines. However, a container shares all the resoruces with other container which
makes it more vulnerable compared to a virtual machine.
We can safely say that a container is an example of apartment building where some infrastructure is shared with other apartments and 
everyone has their own customize container like an apartment. On the other hand, a virtual machine is an example of a house building 
with its own complete infrastructure.

In summary, we can say that in the physical servers architecture, we have a single operating system on top of the operating system layer
and then all seperate applications run on the operating system. In a hypervisor architecture, we have a hypervisor installed on the 
hardware layer that contains various operating system. All operating system have their own processes running on them. In the third 
type of architecture namely container based architecture, we have hypervisor program running on the hardware layer. On the hypervisor,
we have a single operating system installed and all the containers run as application interfaces on that single operating system.    
